Range encoding conceptually encodes all the symbols of the message into one number, unlike Huffman coding which assigns each symbol a bit-pattern and concatenates all the bit-patterns together. Thus range encoding can achieve greater compression ratios than the one-bit-per-symbol lower bound on Huffman encoding and it does not suffer the inefficiencies that Huffman does when dealing with probabilities that are not exact powers of two.
The central concept behind range encoding is this: given a large-enough range of integers, and a probability estimation for the symbols, the initial range can easily be divided into sub-ranges whose sizes are proportional to the probability of the symbol they represent. Each symbol of the message can then be encoded in turn, by reducing the current range down to just that sub-range which corresponds to the next symbol to be encoded. The decoder must have the same probability estimation the encoder used, which can either be sent in advance, derived from already transferred data or be part of the compressor and decompressor.When all symbols have been encoded, merely identifying the sub-range is enough to communicate the entire message (presuming of course that the decoder is somehow notified when it has extracted the entire message). A single integer is actually sufficient to identify the sub-range, and it may not even be necessary to transmit the entire integer; if there is a sequence of digits such that every integer beginning with that prefix falls within the sub-range, then the prefix alone is all that's needed to identify the sub-range and thus transmit the message.
And since <EOM> is our final symbol, our final range is [25056, 25920). Because all five-digit integers starting with "251" fall within our final range, it is one of the three-digit prefixes we could transmit that would unambiguously convey our original message. (The fact that there are actually eight such prefixes in all implies we still have inefficiencies. They have been introduced by our use of base 10 rather than base 2.)Arithmetic coding is the same as range encoding, but with the integers taken as being the numerators of fractions. These fractions have an implicit, common denominator, such that all the fractions fall in the range [0,1). Accordingly, the resulting arithmetic code is interpreted as beginning with an implicit "0.". As these are just different interpretations of the same coding methods, and as the resulting arithmetic and range codes are identical, each arithmetic coder is its corresponding range encoder, and vice-versa. In other words, arithmetic coding and range encoding are just two, slightly different ways of understanding the same thing.In practice, though, so-called range encoders tend to be implemented pretty much as described in Martin's paper,[1] while arithmetic coders more generally tend not to be called range encoders. An often noted feature of such range encoders is the tendency to perform renormalization a byte at a time, rather than one bit at a time (as is usually the case). In other words, range encoders tend to use bytes as encoding digits, rather than bits. While this does reduce the amount of compression that can be achieved by a very small amount, it is faster than when performing renormalization for each bit.Il leader di Fi Silvio Berlusconi è giunto a Palazzo Chigi, accompagnato da Gianni Letta, per incontrare il premier Matteo Renzi. A Palazzo Chigi è presente anche Denis Verdini. In agenda la riforma della legge elettorale (di cui il premier ha discusso in un incontro stamattina con i vertici del Pd), ma anche il superamento dello stallo per l'elezione dei due giudici della Consulta (il Parlamento è convocato domani alle 13 per tornare a votare). Di un nuovo faccia a faccia tra Renzi e Berlusconi si parlava da settimane. Ma l’incontro, finora, era sempre stato rinviato. L'Italicum potrebbe essere incardinato in commissione Affari costituzionali del Senato già domani mattina. Per domani alle 11,30 infatti è stato convocato l'ufficio di presidenza della commissione.
Renzi a Pd: entro dicembre ok commissione 
Il premier Matteo Renzi ha riunito stamattina a palazzo Chigi i vertici del Pd sulla legge elettorale. Alla riunione, annunciata ieri sera dal presidente del Consiglio all'assemblea dei gruppi dem, erano presenti il ministro Maria Elena Boschi, i sottosegretario Graziano Delrio e Ivan Scalfarotto, i capigruppo Pd di Camera e Senato, Speranza e Zanda, il vicesegretario del Pd Lorenzo Guerini, il presidente del Pd Matteo Orsini e il capogruppo in commissione Affari istituzionali al Senato Anna Finocchiaro. Uno dei punti emersi - secondo fonti parlamentari - nel corso della riunione di questa mattina sarebbe l’obiettivo di approvare la riforma elettorale entro dicembre in commissione Affari Costituzionali al Senato.


Il Sole 24 Ore - leggi su http://24o.it/cnQNDF
Ipotesi capilista bloccati e preferenze per gli altri eletti 
Secondo alcune indiscrezioni circolate in ambienti dem, il premier potrebbe proporre al leader di FI di introdurre un premio di lista per chi supera il 40% (invece che il 37%) ed una soglia di ingresso al 5%. Il pacchetto di modifiche alle norme elettorali dovrebbe comprendere anche capilista bloccati (vecchio pallino dell'ex Cavaliere) e preferenze per stabilire gli altri eletti. Ma se sulle prime due modifiche all'Italicum la strada sembra spianata, problemi si riscontrano ancora sul tema delle preferenze.
The central problem may appear to be selecting an initial range large enough that no matter how many symbols we have to encode, we will always have a current range large enough to divide into non-zero sub-ranges. In practice, however, this is not a problem, because instead of starting with a very large range and gradually narrowing it down, the encoder works with a smaller range of numbers at any given time. After some number of digits have been encoded, the leftmost digits will not change. In the example after encoding just three symbols, we already knew that our final result would start with "2". More digits are shifted in on the right as digits on the left are sent off. This is illustrated in the following code:Pranzo di lavoro questa mattina a Palazzo Chigi, tra il leader di Fi Silvio Berlusconi e il premier Matteo Renzi, presenti anche gli azzurri Denis Verdini e Gianni Letta. Argomento principale della riunione la riforma della legge elettorale (di cui il premier ha il cazzo duro